## Agenda weekly meeting - <02.12.2021>

|                | Description                                                |
| :-------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Date**       | 02.12.2021                                            |
| **Main focus** | Review first week of coding / first sprint |
| **Chair**      | Mihnea Toader                                         |
| **Note taker** | Mehmet Alp Sozuduz                                             |

# Opening
<!-- Start the meeting -->

- Greet everybody


# Approval of the agenda
- Ask if there are any incoming topics that should be added to the agenda, if missing.

# Points of action
<!-- Topics discussed during the meeting -->

- Progress during last week per microservice:
    - Authentication:
        - Login endpoint (auth user and token send back)
        - Change credentials(mainly password)
        - Registering user
        - Code quality is fine
        - import * is deleted from the checkstyle
        - Testing will be done later today
        - JWT contains permissions

    - Users:
        - Repository controller and API's are be done
        - user id, netid, first name, last name, email, permission will be stored

    - Gateway:
        - Implemented registry server stores per microservice the amount of registrations(amount of microservices). For every request, the gateway gets one of those microservices.
        - All is implemented but authorizations and authentication
        - Caches are awesome

    - Hour Management:    
        - All of the endpoints are implemented
        - Only thing that misses is talking to authentication and getting the role of the user
        - Everything is tested
        - API document will be done sometime this week or next week

    - Hiring Procedure:
        - API documentation is up
        - Endpoints are done but not fully tested
        - Functionality is in place, some interfaces still need approval 

    - Courses: 
        - Let Pranav give an update

- 12 merged requests
- Part 2 of assignment 1 is being kept in mind - Deadline 10.12.2021

# Any other business
- Ask whether there are any other topics that some would like to discuss during the meeting.

# Questions for the TA
- Separate Postgres DB's fine?
- Ask TA about validating JWT's. Should it be done in Authentication or in every microservice?
- Better to use Inheritance(parent User) or just an enum? (for Users microservice)
- Format of the NetID?
- How should we reference code that was inspired from other sources?

# Question round
- Allow team members to ask questions, if available.

# Closing
- End the meeting.