## Agenda weekly meeting - 16-12-2021

|                | Description                   |
|:---------------|:------------------------------|
| **Date**       | 16-12-2021                    |
| **Main focus** | Lab Assignment 1 and progress |
| **Chair**      | Andy Li                       |
| **Note taker** | Pranav Parankusam             |

# Opening
<!-- Start the meeting -->

# Approval of the agenda
- Ask if there are any incoming topics that should be added to the agenda, if missing.

# Points of action
<!-- Topics discussed during the meeting -->

- Discuss progress during last sprint:
  - Hour management:
    - Course filtering for declarations.
    - Aggregation statistics for declared hours per user per course
    - Time checks for the declarations
    - API documentation for hour management is there.
  - Notification system is done:
    - Endpoints for CRUD operations for the notification entity.
    - User now gets to see their available messages/notifications as in a json format upon login if they have them.
    - Sending notifications upon hour approval/rejection.
  - Hiring-procedure:
    - All the endpoints are fully asynchronous.
    - Reject students that failed the course
    - Allow lecturers to reject applications
    - Allow applicants to withdraw themselves
    - Now possible to send out (simple but extendable) contracts 
  - Users:
    - Now communicates with the authentication microservice and is fully done.
    - A root user is now added to the start of the user with admin authorities.
    - API documentation for both users and authentication.
  - Would like to mention that our test coverage is now at 97% :)

# Any other business
- Ask whether there are any other topics that some would like to discuss during the meeting.

# Questions for the TA
- How is our current progress and what do we still need to make sure we need to finish before the soft deadline?
- How does he expect us to do integration tests? And is it fine that we mock everything (in communication)?

# Question round
- Allow team members to ask questions if available.

# Closing
- End the meeting.