# Minutes of the sitting

| **Subject:** <span style="font-weight:normal">Fourth meeting</span>      |                         |
|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| **Date:** 09-12-2021                                                     | **Time:** 09:00-09:30   |
| **Chairman:** Mehmet Sözüdüz                                             | **Note taker:** Andy Li |

## Absence list

| Name                 | Present | Absent |
|----------------------|---------|--------|
| Jeroen Bastenhof     | ✔       |        |
| Andy Li              | ✔       |        |
| Taneshwar Parankusam | ✔       |        |
| Mehmet Sözüdüz       | ✔       |        |
| Mihnea Toader        | ✔       |        |
| Jegor Zelenjak       | ✔       |        |


## Information

<!-- Information discussed during the meeting -->
- My intelliJ crashed before so everything is lost before this.
- But if I remember correctly it was about the deadlines that are coming up and that the deadline for the first assignment got moved back by a week but that it doesn't mean that we should procrastinate.
- Also, the deadline for the BuddyCheck is coming up (before Monday 13th of December 2021), which everyone should do.
- Design pattern needs to be mostly done before the deadline, the more the better, even when they are the same design pattern. Since this shows that we have an actual understanding about the design pattern.
- ...
- Design patterns: recommends us to get at least 3, because 2 would only get us a passing grade.
- Q: What is considered a successful design pattern for a good grade?
  - A: Justification of the design pattern, right now might now be much there but it might be good for in the future.
- Extensively document design pattern from Jeroen en Mehmet; TA says very good.
- Q: Do we have to implement the design patterns before the deadline, even though they are the could have requirements? Could we move the could haves up?
  - A: Good question. TA says go ahead for the sake of the assignment. Not necessarily good practise, but in this case it is okay.
- Distribution good for 6 man, but Jegor does a lot ~40%. TA advises him to help out others. Could even co-sign commits, but that doesn't 'reward' him commits. Overworking can be considered bad for all parties. Since it shows that the over-committer does not allow junior developers to excel/grow.
  - Jegor has 74 commits vs number 2, 18 commits. 5000 lines vs everyone else ~1000 lines.
  - They look at the combination of number of commits and lines of code contributed. 
- We need to agree on a committing policy. 
- We are using different database, but with one instance. TA says very good.
- No heinous acts are committed in the codebase.
- We are working with Java version 11. --> need to put this in the readme.
  - Also need put in the readme to turn off the postgres on your own computer.
- TA says he very much likes docker, not part of the course, but very nice to have. Widely used tech in industry.
- Keep going, we're halfway to the end of the development cycle. Keep our foot on the gas. This makes it easier to grade us on certain things, since the TA can point out that we implemented his feedback.
- Very nice on testing, 80% line coverage gives 100% of the test grade. But we have 100% branch coverage!
- We do a very good job with javadoc since this indicates to the TA what we/the methods are actually (supposed to be) doing, especially good compared to other groups.
- Discussions on MR are also nice, everything he sees on gitLab etc. are what the TA hoped to see.
- Issues where deadline has passed, is it okay to still do that, but to move it back.
  - Mention this in sprint retrospective then it is okay to move the issues. As long as we document this and show that we improve and learn from this!
- What matters is that we have by week 7 perfected it, instead of doing it perfect at the first go.
- We need to finish as much work as possible by the end of week 7, even though it is soft deadline.


## Decisions

<!-- Decisions made during the meeting -->

- Jegor needs to do fewer lines of code contribution/ commit less. Instead, he should/could help others code together. Everyone else is doing roughly the same work.
- Put the following things in the README.md file:
  - That we are working with Java 11.
  - Turn of postgres instance on your own computer when running Docker etc.
---

## Points of action

| Subject + what?        | Who?  | When?         | Deadline? |
|------------------------|-------|---------------|-----------|
| Sprint retrospective   | Group | After meeting | ...       |
| Agree on commit policy | Group | After meeting | ...       |
| BuddyCheck             | Group | This weekend  | 12-12-2021|

---

| Next meeting information |                                 |
|--------------------------|---------------------------------|
| Date:                    | Thursday, 16th of December 2021 |
| Place:                   | Cornelis Drebbelweg 5           |
| Time:                    | 09:00                           |

