# Minutes of the sitting

| **Subject:** <span style="font-weight:normal">First meeting</span> |                                     |
| :----------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------- |
| **Date:** 18-11-2021                                         | **Time:** 09:05 - 09:30             |
| **Chairman:** No chairman during first meeting               | **Note taker:** N/A - Collaborative |

## Absence list

- There were no absent team members during the first meeting.

---

## Information

<!-- Information discussed during the meeting -->

- Questions w.r.t. the scenario will be directed to the scenario workers;
- Feedback requirement document:
  - The requirements determine how successful your application is thus far. They should written in a **detailed**, and **granular** way;
  - There are not enough could haves $\to$ we can come up with some ourselves;
  - Example of notification system $\to$ *Where* do users receive the notification? *What* does it mean, and *how* is it implemented?
  - It was good of us to keep the users separate;
  - We need to define the boundaries properly. *When* is something sufficient?

- We need to start making decisions *now* to avoid having to do so in the future, with the possibility of slowing down progress.


## Decisions

<!-- Decisions made during the meeting -->

- A MatterMost group will be created by the TA;
- Change requirements based on the feedback that was given to us.

---

## Points of action

| Subject + what?                                   | Who?         | When? | Deadline? |
| ------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | ----- | --------- |
| Modify requirements document based on feedback TA | Group effort | -     | -         |

---

| Next meeting information |                      |
| ------------------------ | -------------------- |
| Date:                    | Thursday, 25-11-2021 |
| Place:                   | Drebbelweg, TZ-2     |
| Time:                    | 09:00                |

