# Minutes of the sitting

| **Subject:** <span style="font-weight:normal">Third TA Meeting</span> |                     |
| :------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------- |
| **Date:** 02-12-2021                                            | **Time:** 09:00-09:30       |
| **Chairman:** Mihnea Toader                                        | **Note taker:** Mehmet Alp Sozuduz |

## Absence list

- There were no absent team members during the first meeting.

---

## Information

<!-- Information discussed during the meeting -->

- Q: just to clarify with databases: docker?
- A: it's currently fine. Course is a bit difficult to parse. As long as they are different databases. One instance shouldn't be able to access another's.

- Q: bottleneck for JWT validation, any tips?
- A:  only registration / login / issuing token. In terms of division of responsibility, the gateway should be able to do anything. Security vulnerability if you manage to bypass gateway. Security should be considered, neither approaches are really so just use them based on whose functionality makes more sense. A possible approach is VPN, but pls no. As long as we document it properly it is fine. There is a solution but we thought of this, they like that shit. We can put that shit into final presentation of security. (business constraints / trade-off)

- Q: format of user id?
- A: 

- Q: teaches have id?
- A: probably yes since they have campus cards but don't know if they have in same range. Just assume that shit.

- Q: reference code from internet?
- A: TA will ask about it, he doesn't really know it right now.

- Q: what will TA provide 
- A: there are talking points that needs to be addressed by the TA. That's pretty much it. Not too much on code, though he'll check it. He'll be looking at the code style.

- Q: check style issues
- A: don't use import.* . We'll probably run into name clashes and the good stuff. We want to avoid clashes at all costs. Style checks aren't really 100%. He advises not just remove stuff from checkstyle, rather suppress the warning. 

- Q: are we allowed to create a new library in the repository?
- A: yes we are, he likes it.

- Q: users registration
- A: he said pretty much up to you honestly. But it could be good idea to make people student, and others teaches.

- Q: deadline and grace period
- A: everything makes week 6 seems like a hard time. Just do it 24 hours earlier. Grace period means you can submit stuff, but don't really expect stuff TA. No explicit feedback for that.

- Q: Spring security  - chain of filters? Don't use filters but authentication manager where it is appropriate.
- A: First check with Jeroen. Try doing it if it is more painful than worth it then just cry.


## Decisions

<!-- Decisions made during the meeting -->

- Everyone should try to put some commits into main.
- We're to use the time tracking features a bit more:
    - more realistic weights
    - optimisatically sticking more to milestones
- More descriptive merge requests.

---

## Points of action

| Subject + what? | Who? | When? | Deadline? |
| --------------- | ---- | ----- | --------- |
| Merge to main before meeting days.            | Group effort  | Every spring   | No       |

---

| Next meeting information |                      |
| ------------------------ | -------------------- |
| Date:                    | Thursday, 09/12/2021       |
| Place:                   | -                    |
| Time:                    | 09:00                |
