# Minutes of the sitting

| **Subject:** <span style="font-weight:normal">Second TA meeting</span> |                     |
| :------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------- |
| **Date:** 25.11.2021                                            | **Time:** 9:00-9:26       |
| **Chairman:** Jeroen Bastenhof                                  | **Note taker:** Mihnea Toader |

## Absence list

Everybody is present.

---

## Information

- Updated requirements list should be sent to the TA.
- Feedback on changes to requirements:
  - Q: Is Spring Security mandatory or just advised?
  - A: Dunno. You're the engineer, you decide whether to use the advised systems or not. If a teacher is advising this, it's probably a good idea. But look it up.
  - Q: Can we put could haves in non-functional requirements?
  - A: Write a could have that doesn't mention Docker but what Docker could achieve. Do you have any experience with Docker? (A: No) Don't do it, there's going to be a lot of trouble you're not going to get points for. SEM is a playground course.
  - Q: One repo contains all microservices. Is that correct?
  - A: It's simpler to have one gradle file. Just keep them in different directories.
  - Q: Do we need to include contracts in the system? Or is it just in the lecturers' hands?
  - A: Don't know. You just have to represent the contract somehow. Make it extendable.
  - Q: Do we need to separate Users? Students - Candidate TA's - TA's. Must all student login?
  - A: Does the system treat them differently? Make registration form. (Add to requirements)
  - Q: Students that haven't passed a course. Don't even let them apply or will they be rejected?
  - A: Up to you.
- Draft Assignment 1 should only contain Task 1.
- Q: Can you check our requirements again?
- A: Nope, not again.
- Q: Is a code of conduct a requirement?
- A: No, but I would recommend having one. I don't necessarily want to see it.

- Q: Are there any milestones you advise us to have?
- A: I haven't received anything from the course. However, try to aim to get must haves on the first weeks, should haves on the second, could haves in the third.
- Q: Should we make releases.
- A: Yes. It's advice that has a grade on it.
- Q: Can we assume that the data is given to us? Or do we need some way to get it? E.g. courses
- A: You probably want some way to create it. How you do it is your decision. You can have an admin, you can have a JSON format, there's many ways of doing this. Your decision. Add it to the requirements.
- Do you guys understand the importance of state in microservices? Microservices are supposed to be scalable. You can initialize multiple servers/services with the same microservices. That's why this architecture is supposed to be scalable. If there's a state, e.g. a scheduler, if you create multiple instances, different schedulers will have different states. Not good. Successful microservices are stateless/ they offload their state to a server.
- Q: Implement load balancing?
- A: No.
- Q: Mattermost?
- A: The faculty doesn't want TAs to be easily contactable. Email if there's any problems.
- Git ages 4 and up (video).
- Put statelessness on if you have extra time. It does help though.

## Decisions

- "Final" update on requirements should be made using the rule "It's up to you".
- A Code of Conduct would be useful to have.
- Releases should be made.
- We could set having done one step of MoSCoW each week as milestones.

---

## Points of action

| Subject + what? | Who? | When? | Deadline? |
| --------------- | ---- | ----- | --------- |
| Modify requirements             | Group  | 25.11.2021   | 25.11.2021       |
| Make Code of Conduct             | Jegor  | 25.11.2021   | 25.11.2021       |

---

| Next meeting information |                      |
| ------------------------ | -------------------- |
| Date:                    | Thursday, 02.12.2021        |
| Place:                   | Drebbelweg                    |
| Time:                    | 09:00                |

- Mihnea chairman, Mehmet note taker.