# Minutes of the sitting  
  
| **Subject:** <span style="font-weight:normal">Meeting week on week 2.6</span> |                     |  
| :------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------- |  
| **Date:**  16-12-2021                                           | **Time:** 9:00 am     |  
| **Chairman:** Andy Li                                        | **Note taker:** Taneshwar Pranav Parankusam |  
  
## Absence list  
  
Present:  
  
- Jeroen 
- Andy
- Mehmet
- Mihnea
- Jegor
- Pranav
  
Absent:  
  
- No absenties
  
---  
  
## Information  
  
<!-- Information discussed during the meeting -->  
  
- Task issues are clear and looking good.
- Make sure that future feedback is actionable
- There were no documents relating to the design patterns (as of the meeting with George). 
- Our tasks distribution relies too much on people knowing the domain specific knowledge (requires more documentation)
- Testing coverage is excellent. 
- How do we do integration testing between multiple microservices? What we already have is fairly good. TA doesn't know the solution on how to test 2 microservices interacting. If we cannot find a solution it is ok.
- 5% system testing, 10% integration tests, 15% unit tests for grade. 
- Pull based developement --> Really good code reviews, excellent feedback. Good work. TA very happy. 
-  If we have a good enough reason for not including the TA's feedback, write some comments on it. 
- Strategy design patterns seems to be a good option. 
- Document is word of god --> One design pattern implemented in multiple locations. Stick with 2 design pattern. They are plenty good. Not necessary to implement the third pattern. The design patterns sound pretty good as of now and we should be okay. 
- For assignment 1 task 2 --> The document does require you to implement the design patterns. We can document our current progress on the design patterns and write what we are going to change in the future. 
  
  
## Decisions  
  
<!-- Decisions made during the meeting -->  
  
- Rename application service as it is conflicting with general computer science terms. 
- Unify the testing code style. Make sure it is so uniform that it seems like we are one super developer. 
- Make a link betwen our architecture diagram and integration/unit tests and show this connection in a high level documentation. 
  
---  
  
## Points of action  
  
| Subject + what? | Who? | When? | Deadline? |  
| --------------- | ---- | ----- | --------- |  
| Put dates on sprint retrospectives | Pranav  | ...| ...| 
|Add more documentation in read me | Everyone||
|Rename application service|Mihnea||
|Write documents about unit tests and conventions|Everyone|
|Read me must guide reader on how microservice works| Everyone|
  
---  
  
| Next meeting information |                      |  
| ------------------------ | -------------------- |  
| Date:                    | Thursday, 06/01/2022        |  
| Place:                   | Drebbelweg                    |  
| Time:                    | 09:00 am                |